0) Technical level of the student


Did the student's technical skills meet your needs and expectations?
Were they consistent or better than those presented at the time of recruitment?

Rating from 0 to 5: unacceptable, very insufficient, insufficient, correct, good, excellent

1) Organization and autonomy


Evaluate the student's organization and autonomy here.
- Does it respect the organization of the company, such as schedules if
  these are imposed, or a dress code?
- Is he autonomous and proactive with regard to the work requested, for
  example by going spontaneously to obtain information from the documentation
  as well as from his colleagues?

Rating from 0 to 5: unacceptable, very insufficient, insufficient, correct, good, excellent

2) Integration into the team


Has the student found his place on his work team? Does he get along well with his colleagues?

Rating from 0 to 5: unacceptable, very insufficient, insufficient, correct, good, excellent

3) Mission results


Did the student contribute to your expectations in the mission entrusted
to him or in which he participated?

Rating from 0 to 5 in relation to expectations: unacceptable, far below, below expectations, compliant, beyond, far beyond

4) Creativity


How would you rate the student's creativity?
Creativity can be translated in different ways:
being a force of proposal in technical choices, proposing relevant
alternatives, sometimes knowing how to get off the beaten track,... ..

Rating from 0 to 5: non-existent, very low, low, good, very good, exceptional

5) Overall feeling about the student within the company


What is the overall feeling or impression that the student left on the
duration of his presence in your company? This point is the synthesis of
the previous points and has a significant impact on the grade that the
student will be given on his course.

Rating from 0 to 5 of the overall impression: unacceptable, very low, low, correct, good, excellent

6) Degree of aptitude in the professional world


For statistical purposes, we have one final question that is not included in the rating:
- How ready do you think the student is to enter the world of work permanently?

Evaluation from 0 to 5: from 0% to 19%, from 20% to 39%, from 40% to 59%, from 60% to 79%, from 80% to 99%, to 100%.

