0) Technical skill of the trainee

Did the technical level of the trainee meet your needs and expectations?
Are they about the same or better than other candidates from recruitment?

Evaluation from 0 to 5: unacceptable, very insufficient, insufficient, satisfactory, good, excellent

1) Organization and autonomy

Evaluate the organization and autonomy of the trainee here.
- Do they respect the organization of the company, such as schedules or dress code, if these are imposed?
- Are they autonomous and proactive in terms of the work requested, for example consulting the documentation and/or their colleagues?

Evaluation from 0 to 5: unacceptable, very insufficient, insufficient, satisfactory, good, excellent

2) Integration within the team

Has the trainee found their place during the job? Does the trainee get along well with other colleagues?

Evaluation from 0 to 5: unacceptable, very insufficient, insufficient, satisfactory, good, excellent

3) Results according to the mission

Has the trainee met your expectations for tasks entrusted to them or in which they were involved?

Evaluation from 0 to 5: unacceptable, very insufficient, insufficient, satisfactory, good, excellent

4) Creativity

How would you judge the creativity of your trainee?
Creativity can be translated in many different ways: proposing relevant alternatives, technical choices, sometimes knowing when to leave the beaten path, ....

Evaluation from 0 to 5: unacceptable, very insufficient, insufficient, satisfactory, good, excellent

5) Overall feeling about your trainee within the company

What is the overall feeling or impression left by the trainee over the duration of their presence in your company?
This point is a combination of all the previous points and has a significant impact on the score that will be given to the student for their 42 curriculum.

Evaluation from 0 to 5: unacceptable, very insufficient, insufficient, satisfactory, good, excellent

6) Proficiency in the professional world

For statistical purposes, we have one last question that does not fit into the scoring of the trainee:
- In your opinion, how ready is the trainee to integrate into the workforce?

Evaluation from 0 to 5: from 0% to 19%, from 20% to 39%, from 40% to 59%, from 60% to 79%, from 80% to 99%, up to 100%.


